Lastly the rules which must make up the reference system should be identified according to objective criteria in particular to enable judicial review of the assessments on which that identification is based. It is for the Commission to take into account any factors put forward by the Member State concerned and more generally to carry out its examination in a rigorous and sufficiently reasoned manner in order to enable full judicial review.
Second it is for the Commission when it approves a general aid scheme to take the necessary measures to ensure that the sectoral rules other than the general competition rules will be complied with by the Member State concerned.
Having regard to the foregoing considerations the answer to be given to the first question must be that national measures which provide for a rebate of energy taxes on natural gas and electricity only in the case of undertakings whose activity is shown to consist primarily in the manufacture of goods must be regarded as State aid within the meaning of Article of the Treaty.
Contrary to what was held by the General Court in the judgments under appeal neither can it be required of the Commission in order to establish the selectivity of such a measure that it should identify certain specific features that are characteristic of and common to the undertakings that are the recipients of the tax advantage by which they can be distinguished from those undertakings that are excluded from the advantage.
The concept of aid is more general than that of a subsidy. It embraces not only positive benefits but also measures which in various forms mitigate the charges which are normally included in the budget of an undertaking and which without therefore being subsidies in the strict meaning of the word are similar in character and have the same effect (Case / De Gezamenlijke Steenkolenmijnen in Limburg v High Authority [] ECR ; Case C-/ Banco Exterior de Espana [] ECR I- paragraph ; and Case C-/ Ecotrade [] ECR I- paragraph ).
As regards the first plea of inadmissibility raised by the Commission it must be rejected on the same grounds as those set out in paragraphs to above. A party is entitled to put forward pleas and arguments arising from the judgment under appeal itself and which seek to criticise in law its correctness. The appellant is therefore entitled to call into question the findings made by the General Court irrespective of the fact that it did not put forward at first instance arguments intended specifically to challenge the decision at issue on that point.
A State measure which benefits all undertakings in national territory without distinction cannot therefore constitute State aid.
In that regard the fact that an economic sector has been the subject of liberalisation at EU level may serve to determine that the aid in question has a real or potential effect on competition and affects trade between Member States (judgment of April Commission v Italy and Wam C‑/ P EU:C:: paragraph and the case-law cited).
Moreover for the purposes of applying the private creditor test the only relevant evidence is the information which was available and the developments which were foreseeable at the time when the decision was taken (see to that effect judgment of June Commission v EDF C‑/ P EU:C:: paragraph ).
It follows that the interveners were not entitled to raise the objection of inadmissibility and that the Court is therefore not bound to consider the pleas on which they rely.
